and fishing this weekend
he has no time for that beach or
think
I'm up to my neck only today.
I have five meetings and I'm already
late for the first as a husband
missing what has been 15 days since I
I see our children but I give everything
they want not to be a woman
What's missing, let's start.
quickly that I'm late for the
meeting you do not have you have all that
Do you want a woman, do you want to buy?
a zero car you buy
I know the exchange of apartment you
exchange do not know how many
credits to spend with whichever you want
What are you missing? Do not tell me what?
I want to love, my love, and I'll say no
I have this freshness, do not worry.
shut up late bye patience
What is this, my heaven god?
Who are you, I'm to mars what's up?
doing here is good if I could listen and
search
You're crazy, I 'm not sick or anything.
that's what you think
How long have you been to the doctor for 15 years?
the sadist a little went there with my
we closed the c & b louis smokes mother works is
sé do not exercise to see in Tupi
take a self-completion will give a
impact now and there you are waiting there
You're saying that I'm going to die in the
ball but that's an injustice saw that
you knowing that to have an old age
worthy of comfort I worked to die
ended up dying
if you had saved energy take care of the
health might live another 30 or 40
business with us
No, it 's not what matters, it's how it is.
that your name is an angel of death in the
family madi death not only 5 c
Death owner knows that in life everything
business matter is and there is no way
death comes there when you want
To let me live here for another 40 years.
You can speak and I 'll write the
beautiful sight can speak what eyes
the end play the mother do not see and splinter
only when people have on earth
billion with these wills of
no years because I go
I'm looking for but if I'm going to die now
but I'll leave my my company
business here to my family to my
woman so beautiful work is to pretend to skid
It is the rappa who found his wife feijoada.
it's enough to see the language here it 's scared
because she goes through spending her
money runs, everyone says something
nor does such a business fail because
Are you going to give me a balmelli trot now?
make me mouth because everyone will do the
who will take this woman is not natural
Speeches do not be voted tomorrow at
good
not clear that he is not going to take it is not
Our mother in the gold accordion there is no
boteco of joe and gold accordion clips
do not come here if you eat who has
both thugs out there need to die
You come right over me, I do not know.
If you know the entrepreneur in this
worker who fulfills my duties
contribute to the growth of that country
I paid my taxes on the whole day.
so it takes the outlaws out there
that has one more miracle in 6 and leaves
the father and leave the field branches another boy
arrived in Flemish
hello is that old saying neither for
die just to be alive and 79 of the buteco
Mr. Gone
I'm already champion almost misses I have to it
to die did not notice a bike 6 tired already
They do not want to ask for retirement.
Dad, I 'm already glad not only that
half an hour may in Rome soon the victim
it is
For God's sake, because what 's more
sacred let me live that at least
20 years spoke papai 29 ltda
It's been ten years, so it's a lot of gemma that
lives on business street my sky god
for God's sake give me five years five
still early in the day 5 days to
You rethought your life that was worth it.
It's too bad to win so much money.
to take nothing knew how to speak coffin
It has to do with who will wash but if
I know they 'll look at me, nail you.
will come I will
feel free or
5 What will I do with five days
right boy said
lindalva it's just me, it's me, who's your husband?
It's what I'm calling you, it was not a
little thick with you that time not right
It's to apologize, forgive me, it's okay.
business or thinking about what it
talked more about partial and not wang that
made me change my mind
life is too short lindahl reports
dead than five days, what is the end of
year and year-end is pack the bags
past and now